# NoteTaking2
1)  Project Details: a.  Create a project named NoteTaking_YourLastNameb.  Your app name will be ‘NoteTakingWithListAndDB’c.   The package name for your project should be: edu.floridapoly.cop4656.spring19.yourlastname
2)  Your first (main) screen will have a list (recyclerview)a.  Each row of the list will present the note and the date/time it was recorded b.  Row data will come from an SQLite DBc.   Initially, list will be empty, (there will be no row) since the DB will be empty
3)  Add a FloatingActionButton on top of the list to add new notes to the database (10 points)a.  When clicked, it is going to start a new activity to allow new note entry
4)  On the ‘Add Note’ screen, at minimum, you will have the following widgets:a.  EditText to enter the note (user can enter the note into this widget)b.  TextView to show the current date/time (user cannot enter data into this widget, current date/time is set when activity starts)c.   Cancel button (closes the activity)d.  Add button (adds the note to the database and then closes the activity)
5)  When a row of the list is clicked, it will start an activity where user can do the followings:a.  Update (updates the same note and closes the activity) User will be able to update only the note, date/time cannot be changed.b.  Delete (deletes the note from the database and closes the activity)c.   Cancel (closes the activity)
6)  As user returns from the screens to add or update/delete note back to the list screen, the list will get refreshed.
